REVISION

WHAT DO YOU KNOW  SO FAR?

There won’t be any code in this exercise, so there’s no What You Sh
ould See or Study Drills either. In fact,
this exercise is like one giant Study Drills. I’m going to have you
do a review of what you have learnedso far.
First, go back through every exercise you have done so far and writ
e down every word and symbol(another name for ”character”) that you
have used. Make sure your list of symbols is complete.Next to each 
word or symbol, write its name and what it does. If you can’t find a
name for a symbol in
this book, then look for it online. If you do not know what a word o
r symbol does, then read about it again and try using it in some code.
You may run into a few things you can’t find out or know, so just ke
p those on the list and be ready to
look them up when you find them.
Once you have your list, spend a few days rewriting the list and do
uble-checking that it’s correct. This
may get boring, but push through and really nail it down.
Once you have memorized the list and what they do, then step it up b
y writing out tables of symbols,
their names, and what they do from memory. If you hit some you can’
t recall from memory, go backand memorize them again.

-------------------------------------------------------------------
WARNING! The most important thing when doing this exercise is: ”The
re is no failurer only trying."
------------------------------------------------------------------

What You Are Learning

It’s important when you are doing a boring, mindless memorization e
xercise like this to know why. It
helps you focus on a goal and know the purpose of all your efforts.
In this exercise you are learning the names of symbols so that you 
can read source code more easily.
It’s similar to learning the alphabet and basic words of English, e
xcept this Python alphabet has extra
symbols you might not know.
Just take it slow and do not hurt your brain. It’s best to take 15 
minutes at a time with your list and then
take a break. Giving your brain a rest will help you learn faster w
ith less frustration.

####################################################################
                        WHAT DO KNOW SO FAR?
####################################################################

**Exercise 00: The Setup.
- mkdir: make directory (Folder)
- cd: current directory
- dir: directory (folder)
- ls: list

**Exercise 01: A Good First Program.
- print(): Bayyana rubutu a terminal.
- "" Double quotes(muna saka strings in between)

**Exercise 02: Comments and Pound Characters.
- #: symbol din sharp na nufin comment/yana hana code yayi running

**Exercise 03: Numbers and Math.
- + plus(Tarawa) | ko concatinating strings
- - minus(Debewa)
- / slash
- * asterisk(star)
- % percent(Modulo)
- < less-than(Qasa da)
- > greater-than(Sama da)
- <= less-than-equal(Qada da | ko dai-dai da)
- >= greater-than-equal(Sama da | ko dai-dai da)
- . dot(Decimal point)
- , comma(Muna amfani da comma domin concatinating)

**Exercise 04: Variables and Names.
-  variable(Qaramar container ce da ake storing values a ciki.)
- _ Underscore(muna amfani da shi wurin bawa variables suna mai kyau | kamar wani imaginary space ne a variable dn mu)
- '' Single Quotes(muna saka strings in between)

**Exercise 05: More Variables and Printing.
- f'{variables dinka inside nn}' formatting string (Hanya ta biyu wajen print text)

**Exercise 06: Strings and Text.
- False: Testing dn abu shin qarya ne? (False condition ne)
- {}: muna amfani d su domin saka string a wurin d muka yi creating string already. | ko mu kira variables dn mu a ciki.
- .format(variable n curly brace dn mu a nn)

**Exercise 07: More Printing.
-  print("." * 10): zai yi printing . sau 10
- end=' ':  This tells print to not end the line with a newline character and go to the next line. | muna amfani da shi ne domin concatinating 2 or more lines of codes.

**Exercise 08: Printing, Printing.
- True: Keyword (Kebattancen suna) && Ana Testing dn abu shin Gaskia ne? (True condition ne)

**Exercise 09: Printing, Printing, Printing.
- \n escape char | (backslash n) | newline(Saukowa qasa domin sabunta layi)
- """ """ Tripple quotes(Muna amfani d shi domin rubuta txt yadd muke so, kamr <pre>...</pre> tag a html)

**Exercise 10: What Was That?(This is all of the escape sequences Python supports.)
- \t: tab(dai-dai d 4 space)
- \': escape single q
- \": escape double q
- \\: escape double slash
- \a: ASCII bell (BEL)
- \b: ASCII backspace (BS)
- \f: ASCII formfeed (FF)
- \N{name}: Character named name in the Unicode database (Unicode only)
- \r: Carriage Return (CR)
- \uxxxx": Character with 16-bit hex value xxxx
- \Uxxxxxxxx: Character with 32-bit hex value xxxxxxxx
- \v: ASCII vertical tab (VT)
- \000: Character with octal value 000
- \xhh: Character with hex value hh

**Exercise 11: Asking Questions.
- input(): user input(Amfanin sa shina karbar input daga wurin user)

**Exercise 12: Prompting People.
- input(""): Amfanin haka shine ya fadawa user abinda yke so ya saka, madadin ya basshi blank.

**Exercise 13: Parameters, Unpacking, Variables.
- from: Muna amfani d shi lokacin da muke so mu ciro wani module daga cikin wani.
- sys: built-in module ne na python wanda ya tattaro abubuwa masu tarun yawa.
- import: Muna amfani d 'import' domin kiran wani module | external file a cikin code|script dnn mu.
- argv: Wnn shima module da yke bmu dma muyi passing argument cikin script dn mu. a.k.a(another way for input()) 